Home collaborations Design Design The Design Spot The Design Spot is the design centre of Université Paris-Saclay. It supports researchers, lecturers, students, and entrepreneurs in integrating design into innovation, research, and educational projects. Its mission is twofold: to contribute to the design and promotion of innovative solutions for the benefit of society and to foster a culture of design within the university and its ecosystem. To achieve this, it carries out a wide range of activities, from organising events (exhibitions, conferences, networking opportunities) to developing educational programmes and collaborative initiatives. The Design Spot is also a space for experimentation, where laboratories, startups, and designers collaborate on multi-partner projects aimed at tackling major societal challenges. Through these interdisciplinary dynamics, it helps transform knowledge and technologies into practical applications and sustainable solutions. It also provides access to a materials library featuring hundreds of cutting-edge materials. This resource enables researchers, designers, and engineers to experiment with and select the most suitable materials for their projects, with tailor-made support. As a key player within Lumen , Université Paris-Saclay’s hub for study, culture, and innovation, the Design Spot plays a vital role in developing a creative and collaborative approach to research and innovation. Visit the Design Spot website Design Research Centre The Design Research Centre promotes the execution of research projects seeking to produce both knowledge and practices. With a firm foundation in industrial creation, its primary aim is to conduct research programmes that look into the current structuring of scientific knowledge, technical developments, and social transformations. It is led by the École Normale Supérieure Paris-Saclay (ENS Paris-Saclay) and the École Nationale Supérieure de Création Industrielle (ENSCI-Les ateliers). Visit the Design Research Centre website