Home campus life International Welcome Desk International Welcome Desk Université Paris-Saclay supports international students, PhD students and researchers as soon as they arrive in France to ensure their stay take place under the best conditions. The International Welcome Desk, part of the Department for European and International Affairs, offers services and documents for this purpose: Before arrival Online Welcome Desk You are arriving at Université Paris-Saclay as a student, PhD student, researcher or intern? You can use our app to get personalised information and a detailed roadmap indicating all the steps to prepare for your arrival. You can find information about visas and residence permits on the following pages: Residence permits for students Internship visas Residence permits for PhD students and researchers Residence permit RECE (to look for a job or start a business in France) Coming with your family Health coverage - our partners Expat&Co, MGEN and Heyme The International Welcome desk has partnerships with Expat&Co, MGEN and Heyme, who offer additionnal health insurances and civil liability insurances to facilitate administrative procedures for international students and PhD students. You can find more information on this page . International students should make an appointment with the Student Health Services after arriving in France, for preventive and informative purposes. You can visit the Student Health Services web page and the international student health guide for more information. Buddy Programme International and local students can register to the international mentoring programme Buddy Programme , to meet other students, gain intercultural and interpersonal skills that will be useful for your future projects and participate in activities all year long! If you are part of a student association or are a staff member of the university, you can submit a project within the Buddy Programme call for projects to receive funding and support to organise a project contributing to the integration of international students. Upon arrival Arrival Days Université Paris-Saclay welcomes international students upon the first days of arrival during the Arrival Days, with a welcome track through information booths and staff members available to provide information regarding the very first steps to take! More information here . Bank account - our partners BNP Paribas, Société Générale and Caisse d'Epargne IDF ​The International Welcome Desk of Université Paris-Saclay has a partnership with BNP Paribas, Société Générale and Caisse d'Epargne IDF, in order to facilitate the administrative procedures of international students and PhD students. You can find more information on this page . Welcome Party After the Arrival Days, international students are invited to a common event, the Welcome Party! It is a festive evening with a welcome speech, a buffet and a DJ set. It will take place on September 26th, 2024, from 7 p.m. . An optional activity will be organised in the afternoon, just before the Welcome Party. The welcome event for all students of the university is organised on the same day, at lunch break, in Bures-sur-Yvette. GATE - single location for multiple administrative procedures To meet with the organisations in charge of the different administrative procedures, you can make an appointment at the GATE, a multi-services welcome desk for international students and scientists, international staff members of higher education institutions or R&D centres around Paris-Saclay. The GATE will be open from the end of August until the end of December 2024 and will be located at the university library on Orsay campus (building 407, rue du Doyen Georges Poitou, 91400 Orsay). For more information and to book an appointment: https://gate.paris-saclay.fr/en/ During the year Appointements for support in administrative procedures You can book an appointment with the International Welcome Desk: to receive support regarding your residence permit and your application on the ANEF website to get information about student life, health or other administrative procedures You can book an appointment from Monday to Friday, between 9:30 am and 5:30 pm, at the building 300 (Orsay campus, 300 rue du Château) or online. Registration is mandatory, please book an appointment online. Contact: international.welcomedesk@universite-paris-saclay.fr Integration workshops In order to meet other international students, practice French and receive advice about life in France, you can participate in the Integration Workshops*. During one or two hours per week, you talk with 4-5 international students and a French-speaking tutor. Whether you have a beginner or advanced level in French, you can register in a group! There are two sessions per year: October-December and March-May. Registration takes place on life, starting in October. More information here . *This activity is funded by the CVEC (contribution to student and campus life), so students can register only if they have a certificate of payment or exemption). There are other ways to learn French, click here to learn more. Integration events All year long, events are organised for international students: activities on campus, visits in Paris... The registration link is sent before each event via the newsletter and on the Instagram account @upsaclayinternational. On the day of the event, students must show their student card or student certificate. Newsletter and Instagram page - subscribe! To receive all the useful information during the year regarding the events we organise, subscribe to our monthly newsletter and follow us on Instagram @upsaclayinternational. Welcome guide for international PhD students and researchers You are a (future) PhD student, researcher or teacher-researcher at the University of Paris-Saclay and you are coming from abroad ? You will find in this page : the procedures to be followed Migrant students and researchers at Université Paris-Saclay Université Paris-Saclay is a member of the MEnS (Migrants in Higher Education) network and as such welcomes and supports students, doctoral students and migrant researchers. On this page you will find Contact Undergraduates, graduates, doctoral students and international researchers, contact the staff of your institution. Contact