Home International mentoring programme - Buddy programme International mentoring programme - Buddy programme The Buddy Programme is a free international mentoring programme for international students who have just arrived in France. Buddy Programme call for projects You are a student or staff member and belong to a student association, institution or Graduate School of Université Paris-Saclay? You would like to contribute to the integration of international students and receive funding to carry out a project? Click here to find out more about the Buddy Programme call for projects! Why should I register for the Buddy Programme? It gives local students the opportunity to discover new cultures and meet with students from all over the world. The Buddy Programme is also a good occasion to practice a foreign language or to learn more about a country in particular. It gives international students the possibility to receive support in the administratives procedures, better integrate on campus and in France. The Buddies will be able to meet during events and cultural or sports activites organised by the university. Who can mentor an international student? You are a student or PhD student enrolled in one of University of Paris-Saclay institution. You have been studying at University Paris Saclay for at least 1 year or you know the campus and the surrounding cities well enough You speak good French You have some free time especially at the beginning of the semester You are sensitive to cultural and international issues You are a good listener, able to empathize and build trust. And above all you want to help international students integrate in France, help them discover their host institution, student life and French culture? Then the Buddy Programme is made for you. University Paris-Saclay will not leave you alone and will plan an interactive and fun training to best prepare you for this adventure. Who can be mentored? Any student coming from abroad and enrolled at a member institution of Université Paris-Saclay as an exchange student or in the frame of an individual mobility. When do registrations for the Buddy Programme open? It is possible to register all year long but it is best to register before the beginning of each semester. A commitment from the mentors will be required throughout the semester, in order to best respond to the problems of integration of international students.Mentors are invited to contact their Buddy ideally before their arrival, in order to encourage a first contact relatively early. Activities and events will be offered to the Buddies throughout the year. How can I register for the Buddy Programme? In order to register for the Buddy Programme, you have to fill in the form below. By registering for the Buddy Programme, you confirm that: You have received a confirmation of registration from an institution of Université Paris-Saclay You must read and accept the Charter of the Buddy Programme of Université Paris-Saclay Once you have filled in your name, you have to select the city where your campus is located (not the city you live in), then you will be able to select your institution. Fill in the entire form to find the Buddy that best corresponds to you! If you are not sure which city to select, please check the information on the campuses . If you have any technical issues when registering, try changing the browser (there are often issues with Safari) or clicking here . International-Europe Buddy Challenge: an innovation contest for the Buddies of Paris-Saclay University Published on: 16 March 2021 International-Europe Moebius Project: art workshops for international students Published on: 02 March 2021 International-Europe International-oriented training and workshops for students of Paris-Saclay University Published on: 08 March 2021 International-Europe Previously on the Buddy Programme Published on: 08 January 2021 International-Europe 2020 Buddy Programme Call for Projects - 5 student associations selected Published on : 16 November 2020