Home explorer les ressources Document search Document search Focus Focus gives you access to all the books, ebooks, scientific journals, articles, databases and digital documents available in Université Paris-Saclay's libraries and documentation centres. To broaden your search to the collections of libraries and documentation centres in the Université Paris-Saclay network Focus is the documentary search engine that enables you to find paper documents (books, scientific journals) and electronic documents (articles, e-books, databases) in the collections of the institutions in the Université Paris-Saclay network and the millions of scientific articles available free of charge (HaL, ArXiv, national licenses, Persee)... French University Documentation System (SUDOC) Sudoc is the shared French catalogue for higher education and research libraries and documentation centres. It includes over 9 million bibliographic records describing all types of documents: books, theses, journals, electronic resources, audiovisual documents, microforms, maps, scores, manuscripts and ancient books. Search this shared catalogue to find the documentation you need in France's other university libraries. You can then travel to consult them on site or transfer them to your home university library using the inter-library loan system (ILL) . French National Library (BnF) resources The French National Library (Bibliothèque nationale de France (BnF)) collects, preserves and promotes the nation's documentary heritage. The BnF's collections are unique in the world: fifteen million books and journals, as well as manuscripts, prints, photographs, maps and plans, scores, music, etc. and these collections are constantly growing. All intellectual, artistic and scientific disciplines are represented in an encyclopedic spirit. Three main sites may be useful to you: the BnF general catalogue: online catalogue containing the majority of references for documents held on all BnF sites. Gallica: the digital library of the Bibliothèque nationale de France and its partners. Available since 1997, it adds thousands of new items every week and now offers access to several million documents. Université Paris-Saclay's libraries enrich this digital library via Yvette. the CCFR catalogue (Collective Catalogue of France): finds some 30 million documents held in French libraries. Media libraries of the Paris Saclay urban community The 15 inter-municipal media libraries enable you to borrow all types of documents, access digital resources online and consult the range of services on offer.  You can also manage your account online, use computer workstations, benefit from the advice of librarians, attend meetings, see exhibitions, take part in workshops and more.